# Design Notes

https://www.supremenewyork.com/

The logo is correctly centered in the page but it is too small and also too close to the menu items underneath it (not enough whitespace). The lack of whitespace makes your eyes wander and you can't tell what or where the focus of the website should be. The font is also way to small and the website seems to have no accessibility. The color of the background does fit with the white font, but once again, the font is too small so it makes it hard to read and hurts your eyes. The social media icons also at the bottom are way too small and doesn't grab your attention. Those icons also are grey and really light which makes it hard to see. I would put the menu items in the upper right hand corner, and the "Supreme" logo in the upper left hand corner. Another option is to put that logo in the center, and put the menu items up top to where they go across the top on both sides of the "Supreme" icon. The footer also needs seperation between the social media icons and menu items. I also do not think it is necessary to have the date and time underneath the logo. When you navigate to any of the links in the menu items, once again, everything is so small and hard to read. The contact form also needs to be bigger and centered in the middle. Or if they want it pushed to the right hand side, maybe include a picture on the left or text. The only thing I like about the website is that it is very minmialistic. It does not have a lot of words or content and it is very simple which sometimes less can mean more.
